Use argparse subparsers for `sct_deepseg` (#4685)
spinalcordtoolbox/spinalcordtoolbox: documentation/source/user_section/tutorials/spinal-nerve-rootlets-segmentation/rootlets-segmentation.rst

##################################

SCT provides a deep learning model for the segmentation of spinal nerve rootlets from T2*-weighted images.

> The model is available in SCT v6.2 and higher via ``sct_deepseg -task rootlets_t2``. In SCT v7.0, the command was changed to ``sct_deepseg lesion_sci_t2``.

Reviewer: Overzealous search-and-replace, and a copy-pasting typo:
```suggestion
The model is available in SCT v6.2 and higher via ``sct_deepseg -task seg_spinal_rootlets_t2w``. In SCT v7.0, the command was changed to ``sct_deepseg rootlets_t2``.
```

This model was trained on 3D T2-weighted images and provides level-specific semantic segmentation (i.e., 2: C2 rootlet, 3: C3 rootlet, etc.) of the dorsal spinal nerve rootlets.

Run the following command to segment the spinal nerve rootlets from the input image:

.. code:: sh

   sct_deepseg rootlets_t2 -i t2.nii.gz -qc ~/qc_singleSubj

:Input arguments:
    - ``-i`` : Input T2w image

>     - ``-task`` : Task to perform. In our case, we use the ``rootlets_t2`` task.

Reviewer: Same as above:
```suggestion
```
